no i want a different function of the backend now
discord has banned almost all of my accounts due to polling too muc, now i want a more strong pro dashboard, that shows card of profiles (which is already loggen in tokens), Active Rules,  Total Logs,  auto-Replies, Total Rules, LIVE CONSOLE, LIVE FEED , and to log in account with token, it asks name, token and sets a profile, in the list, when you click a profile, you are signed in to the dashboard of that account where it has in the side bar (dashboard, account access, manager, response history, monitor, invites, system log, config. 

now this is what shows in each, like i said dashboard is the drop in interface and that is what it should show 
1. dashboard should reckon ( Active Rules,  Total Logs,  auto-Replies, Total Rules, LIVE CONSOLE, LIVE FEED  )
2. Account Access - this is where you login the account token it has a box, paste your discord toke, and another box asking, set a name then login. it checks if that token is valida and logs in  to add as a profile.
3. Manager - the manager shows all the new rules created and allows you to open each rules, each rules stating what they are all about in the card, or if there are no rules yet, you can add a new rule, if there are, give each rule button to start, edit or delete, now creating a new rule it asks (label or rule name, trigger condition <i.e AI will analyze each message to detect genuine crypto problems.> , profile selection < select from list of profiles added or leave empty to add rule to all profiles, when profile is selected the next dropdown pulls list of servers that has been joined in that account already from discord, then add server by clicking one <you can select all or each>, edit what happens in that selected server when you click, it pulls list of channels for each server and allow you to click the particulart channels in those servers where yuo want the rule applied to or leave empty to apply to all channels> list of all rules that has been made should show details in there selection box i.e a server named cryp was added to rule , when next i come back i should see that cry is showing active or not, 12 channels and Response type<which shows the particular reply message that was used in that rule> then message box comes  after the channel selection , this message is the determinant of the rule i.e it is the main reason why creating separate rules because separate servers allow separate message. thats for setting a rule, editing rule should have all these too to edit and includes, edit message for all servers with matching response, which edits the message box for all the servers in that rule having the same message in messahge box and option to edit each server where each server is indicated by name (if the name can be gotten directly from disord upon pulling joined servers) and option to edit message for all. then save changes.
4.  Response history - this shows the latest response history where each response shows, the account used, the message used, the server responded in, the channel responded in, the message it responded to, username of who it responded all of these in a very sweet ui design . 
pulling how they look directly from discord. 
5. the config - allows you to login an account with token, the config has option for multi account management where you see all logged in tokens, edit delete otption, steadily showing connected if the token is still valid, immeditely toke is not valid it should be noticed there saying disconnected. another box option to enable telegram notification of all logs which each log shows 
profile that responded 
account responded to 
message responded to 
Server and channel responded in
message responded with 
time
<now in the meantime while the message has not been deleted, let this same account in profile listen in another server which will be hardcoded for the telegram listening, the account will also have all read permissions, let it check that the user he replied un server a has joined the hardcoded server, , user clicked a button in a channel, user send a {message}  in {channel name} if another user joins this hardcoded server B this bot should not respond in telegram, the response should be tied to the user the profile has just responded in server A, and after message has been deleted in server A the watch should still go on for a minute after and stop watching, watching should trigger if a message has been sent in a channel. 
telegram notification just asks your telegram bot token and chat id then toggle on or off while invite tagging asks your server id and server name for display and toggle on or off . then you get log for all active profile only if you set telegram log off. telegram log is set globally for each workspace created. because in the log profile name that responded, shows. while setting up message response in manager, allow option to set time for message delay which has a present option for instant 0.05 mil sec, fast (0.05-0.10), standart (0.1 - 1 seconds) and custom . in config allow setting safe mode which add random delays to messages on the long run to avoind detection, toggle dry run mode which Scan and log matches but do not send replies., auto reconnect option, which attempts to reconnect on gateway drop, then save config , now in the backend, i dont want this to use polling gateway i dont want it sending too many requests because its polling, since it is logged in with token it should always recive pings of keyworded messages, during setting of rule in manager , allow inserting keywords or empty for all messages.  since its not using polling it should stay low and only receive notifications as would human but instantly replies to the set rule . this should have a lighting speed feature, this should the pro magical , this should have pro usi for all, discord related interfaces, this should be sharp, i want to do a replit version and one py i can bundle to exe. now read my instruction again carefully to understand bfore implementing codes. 